# Privacy Policy

Last updated: November 06, 2021

Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at ATI Limited ("Company," "we," "us," or "our"). This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:
- Download and use our mobile application — **ATI-AMS**
- Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or events
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

# Interpretation and Definitions

Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Attendancy app.
Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

Country refers to: Bangladesh

Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service refers to the Website.
Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


# What Information Do We Collect?

**In Short:  We collect personal information that you provide to us.**
 
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the App, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the App or otherwise when you contact us.
 
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:
 
Personal Information Provided by You. We collect names; phone numbers; email addresses; mailing addresses; usernames; passwords; contact preferences; and other similar information.
 
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
 
Information automatically collected
 
**In Short:  Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our App.**
 
- We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our App, we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID and information about the features of our App you accessed.

- We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.

This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our App and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.

# Information collected through our App

**In Short:  We collect information regarding your geolocation, mobile device, when you use our App.**
If you use our App, we also collect the following information:

- **Geolocation Information.** We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our App, to provide certain location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.

- **Mobile Device Access.** We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's calendar, and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.

- **Mobile Device Data.** We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server).

If you are using our App, we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID and information about the features of our App you accessed.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.


# How Do We Use Your Information?

**In Short:  We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.**
 
We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
 
We use the information we collect or receive:

- To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.

- Request feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our App.

- To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.

# How Long Do We Keep Your Information?

**In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.**
 
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
 
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.

# How Do We Keep Information Safe?

**In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.**

We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the App within a secure environment.

**If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can contact us using the contact information provided.**

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.

# Do We Make Update To This Notice?

**In Short:  Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.**
 
We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

# Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.


# How Can You Contact Us About This Notice?

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at **support@atilimited.net** or by post to:
 
```ATI Limited
   ATI Center, House : 07, Gareeb-e-Nawaz Avenue, Sector : 11, Uttara, Dhaka-1230. Bangladesh
   Dhaka 1230
   Bangladesh ```
